1. client reuired to do full formal audit-reconsiliation  of your agentic ai application, how will you approach this without hampering the existing application?
2. Agentic AI workflow
   - langchain
3. what steps will you take to optimize existing prompts?
   - talked about whats prompt engineering, why needed?, few types of prompt engineering and how its used effectively
3. how will you design fault-tolerence agentic ai application?
   - what can break: vector db, llm
   - how to use keyword search
4. Two business is getting merged, both have their own mcp servers, how will you take care of merging these 2 mcps without affecting existing application and with minimal or no disrupption
   - talked about
       - keeping sevices from both business active initially and
         - use a load balancer which will intercept all the request coming from users of both business,
         - this load balncer wiill decide which service to call based on new parameter passed in new request
       - Then later based on bussiness similarities, domain studies, will slowy migrte into a single mcp server while kepping older one active untill we are sure of the migration.
5. A application/service hostesd on azure or aws requires to make an external api call, how will you make sure that that extenal api credentials are stored safely?
   - taked about environment variable, azure vault, app config, IAM access.
  
6. A finetuned model is giving biased(demographically) answers, how will you tackle it?
7. A madical has to share real-time data to a pharmecy, how will design a robust system?
   - asked if both madical and pharmessy uses same system/infra,
     - if yes -> solution is straught forward, just let medical write in a db which will be used by pharmessy as well
     - if no, medical will use api/webhook to send latest info as event and pharmessy system will process those events asynchroneously

8. Live coding: flatten a dictionay with infinite depth in python.join they key by "."
   ex: { "a":{"b":5,"c":6}, "d":7} -> {"a.b":5, "a.c":6, "d":7}
